IOS 6 also allows you to create what are called computed property names so I'll give you an example.
Let's say we have a person will do Konst person equals that inside of here we might have something like
first.
And then after that we can put in a Z chiel I should have picked something easier to spell lists just
do Zach SEC takling.
So now this works pretty well.
And in order to access this it would be pretty easy inside of our consulate or a log that we'll make.
We would just have to use brackets notation right.
So just do person brackets and then pass in a string like so.
And this works out pretty well.
Prince Zach and we could also assign things by creating computed values so we might create a variable
like so we'll do let's say let in and second name equals and then we'll do a second name like so.
And this would allow us to basically create another variable or another property.
I should say on our object Zack attack like so now if I can log my person object you'll see I've made
a modification to it and now it has a property on it called second name.
So this is pretty good and we can use this different variables in different evaluations of those variables
to access our properties.
So now I could do like first name set it equal to the string right here.
So I'll just copy this and then I can use brackets notation to even access that particular thing.
So your first name like so and it prints out Zack again.
So this works out pretty well.
However there is a limitation we cannot use computed values inside of our object literal syntax.
So in other words before Year 6 if I tried to do something like reference this variable like second
name it wouldn't work out very well.
It would think that I'm trying to give it a regular property name inside of six.
However I can actually use variables and make calculations like so for example I could do.
I'm going to move this up top because right now it's in the TTC.
So move that above.
So all I have to do is add brackets in and second name like so and then set this equal to attack and
then I can just comment this out right here and I might change this to let's say last name or a second
name like so.
And you can see a prince out attack right here and then we could easily just cancel out logger object
like so.
And you'll see that what javascript did was it took this variable it evaluated it found out what was
inside of it and set that equal to the property name so that is now the property name.
So if you ever want to do a computed value you just have to put it inside of brackets and you can even
do something cooler than you could do something like For example let's string a third and then plus
suffix and then all I have to do is make a variable here called suffix so go ahead and do that.
Now soldiers actually make it like this suffix equals name like so and then after that Zack attack Shak
I'm just making words at this point.
And after that if I print out this object once again you'll see that it has a third name this time including
shag so you can put variables in here that evaluates the strings just like you would when you're accessing
your object with brackets notation and you can also put calculations in here or short little expressions.
So long as they evaluates the strings.
So in this case I add third with a variable and that is considered to be my property name whatever This
evaluates.